Added units for volume, surface tension, dynamic viscosity and thermal conductivity (#474)
Metroscope-dev/metroscope-modeling-library: CHANGELOG.md

### ✨ Added <!--Make sure to add a link to the PR and issues related to your change-->
- Added sensors name in sensors icons [#473](https://github.com/Metroscope-dev/metroscope-modeling-library/pull/473)

> - Added 4 new units: Volume, Surface tension, Dynamic viscosity and Thermal conductivity [#474](https://github.com/Metroscope-dev/metroscope-modeling-library/pull/474)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added units for volume, surface tension, dynamic viscosity and thermal conductivity [#474](https://github.com/Metroscope-dev/metroscope-modeling-library/pull/474)
```

Reviewer: It's better to have the exactly same changelog and PR title (I updated the title)
